feat(test runner): allow to pass arbitrary location to test.step (#32504)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-test.md

Whether to box the step in the report. Defaults to `false`. When the step is boxed, errors thrown from the step internals point to the step call site. See below for more details.

> ### option: Test.step.location
> * since: v1.50
> - `location` <[Object]>
> 
> Specifies a custom location for a test step as { file, line, column }, enabling precise error reporting within user code.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### option: Test.step.location
* since: v1.48
- `location` <[Location]>

Specifies a custom location for the step to be shown in test reports. By default, location of the [`method: Test.step`] call is shown.

```

Author: @dgozman Thanks for the quick response to my modified commit! I will immediately reflect this part of your answer :)
